README.md, before:

Ballerina XmlData Library
===================

  [![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/commits/master)
  [![Github issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/xmldata.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fxmldata)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
  [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata)

The XmlData library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

This package provides functions to perform the conversion between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to convert a natural representation of data in XML into a natural representation of data in JSON and vice-versa.

For more information go to [The XmlData PACKAGE](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/xmldata/).

## Issues and Projects 

Issues and Project are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 

This repository only contains the source code for the package.

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
   * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
   
   * [OpenJDK](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/11/)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
### Building the Source

Execute the commands below to build from source.

1. To build the library:
        
        ./gradlew clean build
        
2. To run the tests:

        ./gradlew clean test
        
3. To build the package without tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To run a group of tests:

        ./gradlew clean test -Pgroups=<test_group_names>

5. To debug package implementation:

        ./gradlew clean build -Pdebug=<port>
        
6. To debug the package with Ballerina language:

        ./gradlew clean build -PbalJavaDebug=<port>

## Contributing to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

All contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful Links

* Discuss about code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
* Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
* Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag.

Commit message:

Fix the Ballerina.toml updating before the Ballerina push

README.md, after:

Ballerina XmlData Library
===================

  [![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/commits/master)
  [![Github issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/xmldata.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fxmldata)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
  [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata)

The XmlData library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io/"> Ballerina</a> language.

This package provides functions to perform the conversion between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to convert a natural representation of data in XML into a natural representation of data in JSON and vice-versa.

For more information go to [The XmlData PACKAGE](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/xmldata/).

## Issues and Projects 

Issues and Project are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library). 

This repository only contains the source code for the package.

## Building from the Source

### Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
   * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
   
   * [OpenJDK](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/11/)
   
        > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
     
### Building the Source

Execute the commands below to build from source.

1. To build the library:
        
        ./gradlew clean build
        
2. To run the tests:

        ./gradlew clean test
        
3. To build the package without tests:

        ./gradlew clean build -x test

4. To run a group of tests:

        ./gradlew clean test -Pgroups=<test_group_names>

5. To debug package implementation:

        ./gradlew clean build -Pdebug=<port>
        
6. To debug the package with Ballerina language:

        ./gradlew clean build -PbalJavaDebug=<port>
        
7. Publish ZIP artifact to the local `.m2` repository:

        ./gradlew clean build publishToMavenLocal

8. Publish the generated artifacts to the local Ballerina central repository:
   
        ./gradlew clean build -PpublishToLocalCentral=true

## Contributing to Ballerina

As an open source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community. 

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

All contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful Links

* Discuss about code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
* Chat live with us via our [Slack channel](https://ballerina.io/community/slack/).
* Post all technical questions on Stack Overflow with the [#ballerina](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ballerina) tag.
